OSDOCS-8704: using FIPS with MicroShift (#69379)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-fips-rpm-system.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_install/microshift-install-rpm.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="microshift-fips-rpm-system_{context}"]
= Enabling FIPS compliance with RPM-based installations

Using FIPS with {product-title-first} requires enabling the cryptographic module self-checks in your {op-system-base-full} installation. After the host operating system has been set up to start up with the FIPS modules, {microshift-short} containers are automatically enabled to run in FIPS mode.
//Q: the RHEL docs say podman does this; true for MicroShift?

* When {op-system-base} is booted in FIPS mode, {microshift} core components use the RHEL cryptographic libraries that have been submitted to NIST for FIPS 140-2/140-3 Validation on only the x86_64 architectures.

> * You must enable FIPS mode when you install {op-system-base} {op-system-version-major} on the machines that you plan to use as worker machines.
> 
> [IMPORTANT]
> ====
> Because FIPS must be enabled before the operating system that your cluster uses boots for the first time, you cannot enable FIPS after you deploy a cluster.
> ====

Reviewer: Seems like these are supposed to be attached:
```suggestion
* You must enable FIPS mode when you install {op-system-base} {op-system-version-major} on the machines that you plan to use as worker machines.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Because FIPS must be enabled before the operating system that your cluster uses boots for the first time, you cannot enable FIPS after you deploy a cluster.
====
```
Currently without the `+`, it's left-aligning the `IMPORTANT` admonition to the left of the bulleted list.

* {microshift-short} uses a FIPS-compatible golang compiler.

* FIPS is supported in the CRI-O container runtime.
//OCP has a table of attributes and limitations that didn't make a whole lot of sense; do we need to add any limitation or caveat to cri-o container runtime support?

> == Limitations

Reviewer: Add unique ID.

> * TLS implementation FIPS support is not complete.

Reviewer: See IBM SG entry on "complete". "finished" or "completed" might be better here, or maybe alternatively "is in progress", if accurate?

Author: That is straight out of the OCP docs (that haven't been touched in a long time). So I truly don't know.

* The FIPS implementation does not offer a single function that both computes hash functions and validates the keys that are based on that hash. This limitation will continue to be evaluated and improved in future {microshift-short} releases.
//from the OCP docs; are these true for microshift?

> == Installing {op-system-base} in FIPS mode

Reviewer: Unique ID

> * To install {op-system-base} with FIPS, follow the guidance in the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/security_hardening/assembly_installing-the-system-in-fips-mode_security-hardening[Installing the system in FIPS mode] of the {op-system-base} documentation.
> 
> * See the https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/security_hardening/assembly_installing-the-system-in-fips-mode_security-hardening#federal-information-processing-standards-140-and-fips-mode_assembly_installing-the-system-in-fips-mode[Federal Information Processing Standards 140 and FIPS mode] section of the {op-system-base} for details.

Reviewer: Unsure about these just being two bullets in this section (without being part of something like a Procedure or Addtl Resources). Could this alternatively be something like:
```suggestion
To install {op-system-base} with FIPS, follow the guidance in the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/security_hardening/assembly_installing-the-system-in-fips-mode_security-hardening[Installing the system in FIPS mode] of the {op-system-base} documentation.

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/security_hardening/assembly_installing-the-system-in-fips-mode_security-hardening#federal-information-processing-standards-140-and-fips-mode_assembly_installing-the-system-in-fips-mode[Federal Information Processing Standards 140 and FIPS mode] section of the {op-system-base} documentation
```
That is, make the first bullet a regular sentence, and turn the 2nd "more details" link into an Addtl Resources section.

Even further (tho it's starting to feel silly/pedantic), maybe this should actually be presented as a Procedure, even if it's only 1 step and is basically just linking off:
```suggestion
.Procedure

* To install {op-system-base} with FIPS, follow the guidance in the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/security_hardening/assembly_installing-the-system-in-fips-mode_security-hardening[Installing the system in FIPS mode] of the {op-system-base} documentation.

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/security_hardening/assembly_installing-the-system-in-fips-mode_security-hardening#federal-information-processing-standards-140-and-fips-mode_assembly_installing-the-system-in-fips-mode[Federal Information Processing Standards 140 and FIPS mode] section of the {op-system-base} documentation
```
If it does become a proper Procedure, consider also that procedures should be broken out into separate modules.
